Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Clear your mind.
Clear your mind of all thought.
Now, go back.
Go back in time to
where it all began.
And tell me a story.
Tell me what happened.
Police,
open the door.
I repeat, this is the
police. Open the door.
If you can hear me,
stand back from the door.
Stand back from the door!
Power's out.
I found somethin'.
What is it?
Blood.
Door's locked from the inside.
Shoot out the lock.
Stand by.
My God.
What's happening?
Where are you now?
The book is called
The Fear of Darkness
and it is best described
as the rational explanation
of our fear of ghosts,
spirits, and things
that go bump in the night.
That's right.
These things, they don't
really exist outside
our imagination.
They're phantoms of the mind
and the reason they're there
is that we have this deep
unconscious fear of death
and they are projections
of that fear.
Hallucinations projected
into the external world.
Okay,
so what would you like
people to take out of this?
My goal is to make
sense of the world
and as a clinical psychologist,
I do that through seeking
scientific explanation
for a range of
experiences and emotions.
Like
our fear of darkness.
You were afraid of the dark
when you were young, right?
Terrified.
It's one of our
most basic fears.
Hardwired into our
brains from a time
when we feared
predators of the night.
Sleeping around a campfire,
it wasn't just for comfort,
it was for protection.
And children have
wonderful imaginations.
When we're young,
we create all kinds of
fantastic monsters that might
be out there waiting for us.
Research has shown
that as we grow older,
our fear of monsters
grows less and less,
but not our fear
of the darkness.
Spokesman
for the weather bureau
explains the phenomenon.
The sun is about 400 times
wider than the moon,
but it's also
about 400 times further away.
So, at the height
of a total eclipse,
the moon will completely
block out the sun's lines.
This
rational explanation
of what happens
during a solar eclipse
is in stark contrast
to ancient beliefs.
The Inka's, for example,
thought an eclipse
was a demon devouring the sun.
The blood is definitely his?
Yeah. Jeremy Winter's.
He was up there
with Sky Williams.
Blood's DNA matches his
parents. It's definitely his.
But you still
haven't found him.
Searched everywhere.
I even dragged
the lake. Nothing.
There's the keys
to the lake house
if you'd like to
have a look yourself.
We found evidence that
they're experimenting
with DMT.
Dimethyltryptamine?
What do you know about it?
Only that it's a very
powerful hallucinogen.
What did she say when you
first interviewed her?
She won't talk to us.
When she came in, she was
completely out of it.
We've now got her
heavily sedated,
but she's still not
saying anything.
What do you think happened?
Well, the simplest
explanation is usually
the correct one.
And that is?
She murdered him.
It's not that
simple though, is it?
No.
No, Jeremy Winters
called emergency services
at 10:45 pm.
Exactly 17 minutes later,
two of our uniform
were on the scene.
See, that's just not
enough time for one person
to kill him and then
dispose of the body
somewhere where
we can't find him.
In the cellar where
this photo was taken,
the door was locked
from the inside.
She definitely did it but,
she didn't act alone.
Someone helped her.
And we want you to find out who.
Sky?
My name is Sarah Faithforth
and I'm a clinical psychologist.
I'm here to help you.
To find out what happened.
Sky, you have some
marks on your face.
Like birth marks.
They're most likely
an allergic reaction
to the drug you took.
Your mind is blocking
out what happened
to protect you and this
can affect you physically.
But those memories
are still in there.
So, what I'm gonna
do is I'm going
to bring them to the surface
in a carefully managed way.
A way that will not hurt you.
Is that okay?
Sky, this is nurse Roke.
She's gonna make you feel
a bit more comfortable.
Sky, we're going to
put this sensor on.
It will measure
your brain waves.
Just your hand.
Thank you.
I'm gonna
turn the lights out now.
Sky, I want you to focus on
the flame of this candle.
You need to trust me.
Please try.
Imagine that the
flame of the candle
is drawing you in closer
and closer,
until you're one with it.
Sky, I want you
to take your mind
back to the other night
when you were with
your friend, Jeremy.
You took a drug called
Dimethyltryptamine, DMT.
What happened next?
What have you taken?
Acting crazy.
Come back.
Come back inside.
Sky, where are you?
There, let's go inside.
Let's go.
You see that?
Right there.
There's nothing there.
No, I swear.
There's something
coming out of the water.
Sky, I cannot see anything.
Call the police.
Sky.
Sky, what are you doing?
You're really
startin' to scare me.
Emergency services.
What service do you require?
Police.
Where
are you calling from?
My parents. The Winters.
Holiday house on
Lake Providence,
Lake Providence Drive.
You have to help. Please.
Hello?
Sky.
Sky, where are you?
Sky, listen to me.
Who is doing this to you?
Help me!
Sky, listen to me.
Who is doing this to you?
Help me please! Help!
She's flat lined.
Okay, that's enough.
Hold on.
She knows what she's doing.
Just let her handle it.
How long since we lost her?
20 seconds.
Okay, Sky, you're
going to listen to me.
It is all over.
No one is attacking you.
Where are you now?
30.
What can you see?
Sky, listen to me.
What is happening now?
Answer me.
Sky, can you hear me?
Listen to me. Listen
to what I'm saying.
50 seconds.
Get her out of there.
You are going to move forward
to when you were conscious.
Still nothing.
Okay, I am going to
count backwards from seven
and when I get to one, you
are going to wake up, okay?
Seven, six, five, four,
three, two, one.
One.
One!
Okay, we're gonna
have to move her.
I've got something.
Still no signal.
You're fine.
Pulse back to normal.
Where am I?
You're okay.
Everything's fine now Sky.
What is the last
thing you remember?
I took this drug.
And then what happened?
It was really beautiful.
And then it all ended.
It was like a nightmare.
I tried to turn on the light
and then it started
coming towards me.
What was attacking you Sky?
I don't know.
Why were you trying
to turn on the lights?
I wanted to keep it out.
I didn't want it to come inside.
What was it Sky?
Darkness.
Hi Mom. Mom, it's Sarah.
No, it's Sarah.
It's good. Yep.
No, it's going well.
I got a new case today.
And it's interesting.
What did you say?
I know.
I know. I wish I was there too.
Yeah.
But I'll see you really soon.
Okay.
Do you have to go?
Alright.
Well, I'll speak
to you tomorrow.
I love you.
I know. I miss you too.
Okay, bye Mom.
That scar's not new?
My Dad gave it
to me when he died.
What happened?
He was driving
us home one night
and had too much to drink.
Drove off the road into a tree.
Killed himself and Mom.
I was in the back with Emily.
Who's Emily?
She was like my best friend.
Like a imaginary
friend type thing.
I see.
When was this?
I was seven.
It was my birthday.
Yes, I'm still mad at him.
I still hate him.
For what he did to Mom,
what he did to Emily.
What happened to her?
She disappeared.
Never saw her again.
Where's Jeremy?
Well, we were hoping
you might know that.
Sky, when you were
under hypnosis,
you called out for
someone to help you.
Was that Jeremy?
No.
Who was it?
It was you.
Sky is presenting
with all the symptoms
of a drug-induced psychosis.
Caused by the DMT.
Right.
It makes the most sense.
The hallucinations, the
belief that there was
another entity with them,
but that's only a projection.
Okay, with all due respect,
what the hell does that mean?
Her hallucination
makes her unconscious.
Okay, so there was
nobody else there?
So, she must have done it.
Look, the best
thing we can do is
allow Sarah more time with her.
She's only had one
session with her.
Well how long is
that gonna take?
I don't know.
It's very hard to put a
timeline on this sort of thing.
Well, I'm sorry,
I don't have time.
I've got a dead boy
lying out there somewhere
and lots of people
asking lots of question.
So, I need some answers.
Okay, you've got 48 hours.
We'll review the situation then.
Fine.
Entity.
The DMT took Sky into a
completely different world.
One in which her
boyfriend was killed
and she was attacked.
You mean she believes
they went into another world?
That's what I just said.
No you didn't.
You said they were taken
into another world.
Sarah, Sky nearly
died under your care.
I do know what I'm doing.
I just want you to
be careful, that's all.
Sky could be very dangerous.
She's confused.
She lost both her parents
when she was very young.
She blames her father for that
and for what happened to Emily.
Who's Emily?
She's an early
manifestation of a possible
dissociative identity disorder.
You mean imaginary friend.
Didn't you have one of those
when you were a little girl?
Would that be a problem?
Of course not.
But what happened with
your father might be.
Look Sarah, I just
want you to be careful.
That's all. Please.
Sky, listen to
me. Who is doing this to you?
Help me!
Sky, listen to
me. Who is doing this to you?
Help me!
Hi.
Yes, yes, I'll...
I'll go out there tomorrow.
Okay. I'll come and
see you afterwards.
Sure.
Nick, this...
there's something a little
bit strange going on.
No, that's fine.
We can talk about it tomorrow.
Okay. Sure.
Bye.
So, surrealism as an
artistic movement began
in the early 1920's
and it drew heavily
on Froyd's relatively
new concept at the time
of the unconscious mind,
but more than half a
century before Froyd,
before surrealism,
we have Louis Carol's
Adventures of Alice
and Wonderland.
Perhaps you've heard of it.
Now, this can be interpreted
as an exploration
of similar concepts
where Alice journeys
from the real world
of her conscious mind
into the surreal world
of her unconscious.
Louis Carol is said
to have suffered
from quite severe migraines,
which in certain circumstances
are known to cause
hallucinations,
which may be responsible
for some of this imagery.
Either that or he was
just really, really high.
Okay, that's it. Your
assignments are due on Friday.
Be good. Don't do
anything I wouldn't do.
The only difference
between a mad man
and me is that I'm not mad.
Salvador Dali.
I'm Sarah Faithforth.
Matt Sorinsen.
You're definitely
not what I expected.
I told the police
everything that I know.
They were both in my class.
She was obviously
incredibly intelligent.
He seemed like a sweet kid.
I didn't know they
were going out but,
I don't know what else to say.
Did you know they
were experimenting
with a powerful hallucinogen?
What?
Dimethyltryptamine.
Is that what happened?
Do you have any idea where
they might have got it?
No.
God, that's -
- What?
It's just awful to
think that they would have
taken such a risk.
I don't know.
The idea of travelling
to inner space,
to a reality beyond this world,
might sound pretty
exciting if it came
from someone you really
respected and admired.
Nice talking to you, Sarah.
Wait.
I'm sorry.
Look, I really need your help.
How?
Tell me everything
you know about DMT.
It's manufactured in home labs
then turned into
small crystal cubes.
Then it's ingested orally,
smoked or injected.
What do you tell
your students about it?
It was first
synthesized in the west
by British chemists,
Richard Mensk in 1931,
but its active
ingredients are ancient
used by Amazonian Indians
in their spiritual rituals.
Do you tell your
students you've taken it?
Yes I do.
I was part of a controlled study
at the University of New Mexico
where I was doing my doctorate.
Three of us took it.
And what happened?
One of us, very
straight, science mind
said that he saw God
and that she was beautiful.
Another saw the world
as it really is,
primeval energies colliding.
No use for language
or rational thought.
That was you.
In here is an almost
impenetrable shield
that protects the brain
from any bad stuff
that can get into your blood.
But DMT crushes that barrier.
Once that happens, your mind...
it's not as you knew it.
What about the third?
He was a nice guy.
Not the sort of person
to make things up.
What does that mean?
DMT, it can
open your mind
to other planes of existence
where humans can interact
with other beings.
You don't believe that.
Why not?
That was his experience.
He described in detail
the presence of an alien
and I'm not talkin' about
a little green martian.
I'm talkin' about a
force, malevolent,
terrifying.
It doesn't mean
that it happened.
Maybe DMT allows you to
cross over the barrier
between the unconscious
and the conscious mind.
It's like when you're dreaming.
What you experience
feels real at the time.
Then you wake up.
Exactly.
Yes well, that's
what happened to me.
But, that's not what
happened to him.
He's never coming back.
Okay.
I'm Sky.
I find out about
this incredible drug.
I also find out that I
have a one in three chance
of having a
terrifying experience.
Why take it?
Right.
Well, you met her.
She's a risk taker.
She first took ecstasy
when she was 13.
How do you know that?
She told me.
Did you have an
affair with her?
No I didn't.
It's been nice talking to you
but I have to go.
Help me!
So what are you saying?
What if Sky made
contact with something
from another world?
Something alien.
Sarah please.
Perhaps you interact
with it when you take DMT.
I mean, DMT penetrates
these very, very
primitive parts of our brains
and it perhaps allows you
to perceive other dimensions
and maybe something in
Sky drew this being to her
and through her,
it crossed over.
Stop.
'Cause this is
some teenage girls
psycho sexual fantasy.
Symptomatic of a severe
clinical psychosis
obviously related to her father.
I know that that is
the rational explanation.
So, this guy she's with
is killed
while Sky is only attacked
by the same being.
I know. I know all of this.
I just wonder if what
we're dealing with here
is something else,
something that cannot be
explained through
behavioral science.
Okay, so maybe DMT
will open the mind to
other planes of existence,
which is why she was able to
see this malevolent being,
but that still only
exists in her mind.
I saw it too.
What?
I saw it.
Sarah, that's some sort
of electrical interference.
Look, don't do this to yourself.
What?
Well,
you're taking on Sky's
delusional beliefs.
No. I'm not.
When I was at the
lake house, I saw this
black shape
and then this happened.
It cannot be an
allergic reaction
because I've never
taken DMT before.
Well, there's some sort
of contamination there.
A bacteria infection
from the lake.
I hope you're right.
I know I am.
Look Sarah, I need to know that
this is not going to affect you.
Okay?
I need you to be strong.
Of course.
I went to see your lecturer
yesterday, Matthew.
You had an affair
with him, didn't you?
He told you that?
No, he didn't have to.
What else didn't he tell you?
Sky, I'd like to
tell you a story.
It's about a little girl
who had an imaginary friend
like yours, only he was a boy.
A little boy called Sebastian.
Let me guess.
Is the girl's name Sarah?
Yes.
What happened to her?
One day, we were
on our way to school.
We went together every
day and caught the bus.
On this day, he stopped
to drop his shoe laces
and I got on the bus before him
and the door was shut behind me
and Sebastian couldn't get on.
I cried out to the bus
driver to open the doors
but he looked around, he
couldn't see anyone there,
so he just drove off.
I ran to the back of the bus
and the last I ever
saw of Sebastian
was this little boy with
this big floppy hat,
his big backpack on his back
just all alone waiting
for the next bus.
That's sad.
I lost my father too.
He just disappeared one
day without saying goodbye.
But that's not why
I lost Sebastian.
He disappeared because
eventually, I grew up.
I see what you're doing.
I know that I can't blame my Dad
for what happened to Emily.
But I can for what
happened to my Mom.
It's not in my head.
It's real.
It comes to me.
It's darkness.
I made contact with something
and now it's come into my world.
Do you understand?
No you don't. No you don't.
You won't leave me.
Will you?
No I won't.
It is now a
life and death struggle.
For the victorious
male, the right to mate.
For the loser, a
slow agonizing death.
You shouldn't be here.
I need to know
what's going on.
Dear.
What happened to you?
It's okay.
Hello?
Okay.
Okay, where are you?
She's on her way.
You have to go back, Sky.
No.
Not until you tell me
what's happening to me.
Well, there's no formula.
It's different for each person.
Depends what's in
here and in here.
No two people are gonna
have the same experience.
Where did you get it?
It doesn't matter.
You tell the police about us?
Jeremy's missing, okay?
I don't wanna talk about us.
I don't know what's real
and what's not any more.
Is that what happened to you?
For a while.
I've always had a fairly
casual relationship
with reality.
Hey.
Think about it
like going to another dimension,
one that you can't usually see.
Is there something else there?
You can tell me.
Was there something else there?
Yeah.
Did it make contact with you?
Whatever it was, it only
exists in your mind.
No.
This is real.
Sarah sees it too.
Sarah.
You okay?
I thought there
was something there.
There's nothing there.
It's just the...
it's just the chemistry
of your brain.
No.
It's okay. It's okay.
Listen, it's just your mind
trying to make sense of
the experience, okay?
Just needs to pass.
Let it pass through you.
What are you doing?
Come on.
Stop!
I'm not gonna hurt you.
No one's gonna hurt you.
Matt?
Sky?
Sky. You alright?
Hey. You're okay.
Listen, there's a blackout.
Okay? From the storm.
Everything's fine.
See?
Where are you taking her?
Look, she needs to be with me.
Wrong. She's ours now.
There's no body.
There's blood everywhere
but there's no body.
Are you okay?
You know, you think you've
got everything worked out.
That you've got
everything under control
and then something
like this happens.
Yeah.
Nothing feels real any more.
Police. Did they
take your statement?
Yes.
You should go home. Rest up.
You look exhausted.
You're taking me off her case.
Yes I am.
I thought you were on my side.
I am on your side.
I'm doing this for you.
I can't afford to
lose you Sarah.
No please.
Please Nick, don't do this.
Just go home and
rest up please.
Please.
Mind if we take a look around?
Okay.
Now, let's talk
about last night again.
How long have you known
Matt Sorensen for?
Just a few days.
Yeah, sorry I gotta take this.
Hello darling.
Yeah, Daddy can't
talk right now.
Daddy's at work.
Yes, I'll be home soon.
Well why don't you
play with your friend?
Okay, I will.
Yes, I promise.
Alright, Daddy's
gotta go now darling.
I'll see you soon.
Bye bye sweetheart.
Hey, what are you doing?
I have these marks.
I have them all over my body.
Okay, let us see.
I have them all here.
You know, if I
was a psychologist,
I'd say you're unconsciously
trying to confess to us.
What do you mean?
You admit what you did.
What I did?
We know that you were
with Jeremy Winters
the night that he disappeared
and last night, you
snuck out the clinic
and paid a little
visit to Matt Sorensen
and the only thing left of
him now is a pool of blood.
Sky Williams, we're
formally charging you
with the murders of Matt
Sorensen and Jeremy Winters.
Hang on, hang on, what
did you just call me?
Sky Williams.
No, you're confused.
I'm not Sky Williams.
I'm Sarah Faithforth.
You have the right
to remain silent.
No, I'm Sarah Faithforth.
You have the right
to remain silent.
I'm Sarah Faithforth.
You don't understand!
I'm Sarah Faithforth!
Hello, it's Sarah.
Is Doctor Trangrove there?
What?
Where have they taken her?
Do that a couple times for me.
Sky, we need to know the truth.
You need to know.
You can't kill them.
We're just gonna
give you a small dose.
It'll just help you
remember, that's all.
I don't want to remember.
Sky, you have to do this.
Now if you don't, then we'll
know you're hiding something.
Okay, no need
to be frightened.
It's gonna be okay.
Sky, I want you to start
by telling me something
that you remember.
Something you remember
about your father.
I'm lying in bed.
With Emily.
I hear my Mom start to cry.
Yelling at my Dad.
He's yelling back at her.
Then it just gets quiet.
Hi, you've called
Doctor Nicholas Trangrove.
Please leave a message
after the beep.
Nick, Nick, it's Sarah.
Please be careful, okay?
I know how I sound.
I know that I sound
crazy, but I saw it again
and it attacked me.
It wants Sky and it
will destroy anything
that tries to stop it.
You have to believe me.
Tell
me about Emily.
She's telling me to be strong.
And she'll always
be here with me.
And then she got taken away.
Is that why you killed Jeremy?
I didn't kill Jeremy.
Well you must have Sky.
'Cause there was no one
else here at that time.
There was.
Sky, that's just a
figment of your imagination
just like Emily.
Not to me.
It branded me
like a master brands his slave.
It's just a hallucination.
It doesn't exist.
You're right.
What if it's right here with us?
Well, where is it?
I can't see it.
I can't see it because
it doesn't exist.
Where is it?
It's right behind you.
Sky, there's nothing there.
I'll show you.
You stay right there.
Get away from her!
Stay back!
Get out!
Listen to me.
Listen to what I'm saying.
You don't need Sarah any more.
Let her go.
Who are you?
It's alright.
You're alright.
Where's Sky?
It's
okay. You're okay.
Where's...
Sky! Sky!
It's Doctor Rosenthall.
I need someone over
here right now.
Sky.
What have you done with her?
That's right. It's you.
Where's Sky?
You don't understand.
I have to protect her.
Where is she?
Okay.
Who do you see?
I see myself.
I was with her
at the lake house.
She went there with
Doctor Trangrove.
Did something happen?
Is that why I'm here?
Try to remember.
No.
He's dead.
So are the two police officers.
And Matt.
And Jeremy.
You know.
No.
You didn't
know what you were doing.
I didn't do anything.
Listen to me.
Sky didn't do anything.
This is a huge misunderstanding.
Listen to me.
The darkness.
This is darkness.
It's consuming all of
us. Do you understand?
It's consuming all of us.
Why am I here?
You are in McPherson House.
It's a medium security unit
of Springbrook
Psychiatric Hospital.
You've been here under a
custodial supervision order
for the last 10 years.
No.
You stay away from me.
Listen to me.
You don't understand.
I need to find Sky.
I need to find Sky!
So close, Sky.
You're almost there.
Please!
You don't understand!
You don't understand.
Please!
This will take you
the rest of the way.
Don't! No!
Don't touch me!
Don't touch me.
Sky, listen to me.
Listen to what I'm saying.
The dimethyltryptamine
caused a split
in the way you perceive reality.
What's going on in your head
is completely different
from what's going on
in the real world.
You think you're Sarah
Faithforth, but you're not.
You're Sky Williams.
Sky! Come on!
Come on!
You need me.
Do not let her take
me away from you.
I'm sorry.
I can't help it.
What?
I don't believe
in you any more.
Sky.
Seven, six, five,
four, three,
two, one.
When you were 18,
you suffered a complete
psychological breakdown
triggered by the drug you took.
You believed you
were being attacked.
So you created Sarah,
someone to believe in
you, to protect you.
Sky?
I'm not Sky.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org